Add requirements about machine hostnames (#1915)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/PREREQUISITES.md

## Important notes

### Hostnames requirements

> Epiphany installation is only supported on machines that are following advised by [freedesktop hostname](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/hostname.html) rule - only of 7-bit ASCII lower-case characters without spaces or dots, with the format allowed for DNS domain name labels. In case of other hostnames the Epiphany deployment will fail.

Reviewer: Following advised by? What do you mean?

> Epiphany installation is only supported on machines that are following advised by [freedesktop hostname](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/hostname.html) rule - only of 7-bit ASCII lower-case characters without spaces or dots, with the format allowed for DNS domain name labels. In case of other hostnames the Epiphany deployment will fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Epiphany deployment is only supported on machines compliant with [freedesktop hostname](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/hostname.html) recommendation: string consists only of 7-bit ASCII lower-case characters without spaces or dots, with the format allowed for DNS domain name labels. Otherwise, the deployment will fail.
```
